Docs/example for GTP linking change (#96)
istio-ecosystem/admiral: docs/Architecture.md

          weight: 100
    ---

In this example the service object with the identity=service1 label will have 3 dns names created that map to it.
- service1.global - pins traffic the local region the traffic originated
- service1-west.global - sends traffic to the west region and only to east if west in unavailable
- service1-east.global - sends traffic to the east region and only to west if east in unavailable

### Global Traffic Policy Linking

> A global traffic policy is matched to a deployment if and only if their values for the `workload_sidecar_update` labels match. The default label key for `workload_sidecar_update` is `identity`, meaning that in the default case you can just apply the same identity label that you're already using for your deployments to your global traffic policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A global traffic policy is matched to a deployment if and only if their values for the `globaltraffic_deployment_label` labels match. The default label key for `globaltraffic_deployment_label` is `identity`, meaning that in the default case you can just apply the same identity label that you're already using for your deployments to your global traffic policies.
```

Author: Good catch
